(suspenseful music)
[Boruto] Did we make it?
Yeah, and when morning arrives,
the food supply
ship should be here.
We just have to wait a little.
This means we're going to
get out of Hozuki Castle.
I owe you guys big time for
all your help, thanks Boruto.
(chuckles) Don't worry about it.
-(lightning crashes)
-(explosion booms)
Shall we test your
luck one last time?
(Kokuri gasps)
No way, you're Tsukiyo!
There's a full moon out tonight.
It's such a nice view to die by.
-(opening theme music)
-(singing in Japanese)
So, that's Tsukiyo?
Yeah, he's the Mujina
Gang's second-in-command.
Ah, the young lady.
So, it seems that
you weren't actually
just a student reporter then,
and now finally we meet, Kokuri!
(Kokuri gasps)
You should've known
your luck runs out
when you desert the Mujina Gang.
All that's left, is your death.
-(shadow whirring)
-(Mitsuki grunts)
Shadow, how?
[Sarada] There's another
clan besides the Nara
that can control shadows?
(shadow swooshes)
Yes, this is my
moon shadow jutsu.
Under a full moon, it can
manifest its utmost power.
What?
Huh, you surprise me a bit.
You really wanna take on the
four of us all by yourself?
Oh, no, we're quite
evenly matched.
Now let me show you the essence
of the moon shadow jutsu.
(shadow whooshing)
(Boruto gasps)
(Sarada gasps)
(Mitsuki gasps)
(suspenseful music)
(Boruto grunting)
Boruto!
I had no idea there's a jutsu
that can clone somebody else.
(Tsukiyo chuckles)
Come on! (yells)
(powers swooshing)
They're as strong as us.
(grunts) Okay, then.
Fire style, fireball jutsu!
(fire whooshes)
Lightning style,
snake lightning!
(lightning crackles)
(explosions boom)
Even jutsu? No way!
I told you, right?
The light of the
full moon elevates
my moon shadow jutsu
to its utmost power.
You know, you guys
really are unlucky.
Boruto, that means-
I know, let's go.
-(Sarada yelps)
-(Boruto grunts)
I already know what
you're gonna do, boy.
-(shadow whooshes)
-(Kokuri grunts)
Kokuri!
-No!
-(shadow swooshes)
-I got it.
-(Mitsuki's arm whooshes)
(Kokuri coughing)
Aw, so close!
But I wonder for just how long
you'll be able to protect him?
(Sarada grunting)
(explosions booming)
We're done.
Our luck escaping
has run out. (sobs)
(footsteps pattering)
(gasps) What's going on?
What's happening
at Hozuki Castle?
Well, whatever's going on here,
we can't let a single
prisoner escape.
We'll mobilize and handle it.
(shadow whooshes)
(Boruto grunts)
(Kokuri gasps)
(Kokuri wails)
Go, Kokuri, get out of here!
-(shadow whooshes)
-(Sarada grunts)
What now?
At this rate, we'll be...
Hold on, the chakra for
the jutsu the shadows use,
where's it come from?
If they use Tsukiyo's chakra,
then it can't be unlimited.
Let's find out!
-Rasengan!
-(powers whirring)
(powers crashing)
(Boruto yelling)
(powers whirring)
(Boruto grunts)
Boruto!
(groans) What's up?
My chakra's running out.
And faster than normal, what?
Then maybe they're
actually using our chakra!
A wise observation!
(chakra whooshing)
That means the more we fight,
the faster that we'll
become exhausted?
Use all of the jutsu you want.
(Boruto grunts)
Fight your clones with all
the strength you've got.
If you're lucky, I
might take you down
before you run out of
it and your chakra!
(Boruto grunts)
(Kokuri yelps)
(Kokuri panting)
(Boruto grunting)
(Kokuri screams)
(Kokuri and Boruto thud)
(shadow swooshes)
(grunts) Ow. You okay?
(gasps) Boruto,
he's way too strong.
Yeah, if there were
just some way...
-Here.
-Huh?
These are my notes about
the Mujina Gang's crimes
and secrets about the boss, too.
Hang onto it for me, just
in case he kills me, okay?
Hey, stop thinking that way.
Don't give up after
coming this far.
When I learned I was
part of the Mujina Gang,
I got so scared
that I just ran away
and I never took
any responsibility
for the crimes I had a part in.
All of that's probably
catching up to me now.
Look, if you have any regrets,
that's a good reason to survive
and testify about their crimes.
But that's, (gasps)
Go on, run!
Don't give up til
your very last breath!
(Kokuri gasps)
I won't let you get him!
(Boruto grunts)
(Kokuri gasping)
(rocks clattering)
Fighting against yourself
is quite difficult.
-(alarm blaring)
-(metal clanking)
Oh! That's not good! (yelps)
Man, what a big
pain in the neck.
Well, I guess I'll have
to wrap this up quickly.
(Boruto grunting)
-(Boruto thuds)
-(Boruto gasping)
Boruto!
-(alarm blaring)
-(metal clanking)
Boruto!
(Tsukiyo groans)
Huh?
-(light airy music)
-(alarm blaring)
(Boruto grunting)
What happened there?
They're avoiding
the search lights.
Huh!
(electricity sizzling)
-[Guard] Huh? What is that?
-(shadow crackling)
-(powers sizzling)
-(man yells)
Oh, maybe that jutsu...
I have to let Boruto
know, but that means...
(Boruto grunts)
(Kokuri whimpers)
(alarm blaring)
-(powers sizzling)
-(guard groans)
(alarm blaring)
Hmm, that oughta do it.
Which means that your
luck's about to run out.
(energy whirring)
-(Boruto grunts)
-(rocks clattering)
Uh, this is bad.
(fire whooshes)
They don't get
exhausted, but we do!
They're doing all
this to protect me.
But if this keeps up...
(Boruto grunting)
(gasps) It's true!
I've just been a
burden all along.
(Boruto grunts)
(Kokuri gasps)
(Boruto gasping)
(shadow whooshing)
(Boruto grunts)
(Boruto thuds)
Kokuri!
Came out all on your
own to die, huh?
How commendable.
(gasps) Oh no.
(Sarada grunts)
(Sarada yells)
(explosion booms)
[Boruto] Why'd you come back?
Listen very carefully.
[Tsukiyo] What are
they planning now?
(footsteps pattering)
Found him, over there!
You're interrupting!
-(shadow swooshing)
-(guard grunts)
-(guards grunting)
-(guards thud)
I understand.
If it's true, then-
Yeah, on it!
Thanks for this, Kokuri.
I still don't know
if it'll work,
but I don't wanna just
sit here doing nothing
and end up dying
full of regrets.
It's okay, because
luck's on our side.
(rock music)
What a nice moon for your last
night, wouldn't you say so?
No way, not at all.
Lightning style,
snake lightning!
(lightning swooshes)
You little brats just
don't learn, do you?
(lightning sizzles)
-(explosion booms)
-(energy swooshing)
A smokescreen?
(energy sizzling)
(Boruto thuds)
What the...
(shadow thuds)
(Boruto grunts)
(chuckles) This fight's over.
Why don't you just
give up already?
Huh, where'd he go?
Ah, Kokuri.
(Boruto chuckles)
[Sarada] Over here.
What are you doing?
(Sarada chuckles)
(Kokuri grunts)
-Get him!
-(shadows whoosh)
Oh, no you don't!
(shadow thuds)
(Kokuri grunting)
(rock music)
No way!
(Kokuri screams)
-No!
-(shadows sizzling)
Yes, we did it!
Shadows that are
created by moonlight-
Aren't able to exist in a
different kind of light.
Your hunch was right, Kokuri.
(Tsukiyo growls)
(Boruto grunts)
You're not gonna
get another chance.
-(Tsukiyo grunts)
-(shadow sword swooshes)
-(sword crashes)
Moon shadow jutsu
isn't all I have.
That sword isn't disappearing.
(Tsukiyo chuckles)
(earth crashes)
He's strong.
(Tsukiyo grunts)
(sword swooshes)
Don't take the
Mujina Gang lightly.
Getting rid of brats like you
is less than nothing to me.
(Boruto panting)
I imagine you don't have very
much strength left by now.
Hmm, do you want to
test that theory out?
(Tsukiyo grunts)
Yeah.
But not just with me.
What I'm talking about
is the combined strength
of the three of us together.
Go, Mitsuki!
Got it.
-Sarada!
-(energy whooshing)
[Sarada] I see
what you're doing.
(energy whooshing)
(Sarada, Boruto,
and Mitsuki yelling)
Now take this!
-(energy whooshes)
-(Tsukiyo grunts)
What the hell?
(Boruto yells)
(energy whooshing)
(Tsukiyo grunts)
(rock music)
Yeah, we did it.
Nice.
Boruto!
Ha!
[Kokuri] Did you beat him?
[Boruto] Yeah, with
our combined strength.
(chuckles) I hope that I was
a little bit useful at least.
Of course, you were a big help.
Even though I was desperate.
If you think you're done for
and just try
everything that you can
then things actually
do work out.
Come on, quit exaggerating.
(grunts)
-Oh!
-Whoa!
(Kokuri yells)
(chuckles) I guess that luck
is still on my side here.
-(rocks cracking)
-(Mitsuki groans)
-(Kokuri yelling)
-(Mitsuki yelling)
(water splashes)
-Kokuri!
-(waves sloshing)
-(Boruto gasps)
-No don't, you can't.
The current's far
too strong, Boruto.
There's no use jumping
in to find him.
But, Kokuri!
(water sloshing)
(Kokuri gasps)
Kokuri!
(Kokuri panting)
I told you I was good
at swimming, didn't I?
And Tsukiyo?
It's okay, he sank.
I think he just ran
out of strength.
I guess it's just like you said,
it seems luck really
was on our side.
(Boruto chuckles)
Oh, there you are.
Please, just wait.
Hear me out!
They're here!
(Shinobi swooshing)
Hidden Leaf Shinobi?
[Sai] Thank you.
[Guard] Yes, sir.
Mr. Sai!
Wait, what's going on here?
When we lost contact
with Lord Mujo,
Naruto became concerned.
He spoke to the Hidden
Grass's Feudal Lord
and got permission
to dispatch us.
[Sarada] And how's Lord Mujo?
Not to worry.
Where am I?
Hold on, did I
lose consciousness?
Thank goodness.
Wow, that's awesome, go Dad!
(rock music)
But still, what a bold
prison break attempt.
Though, it was unnecessary.
Huh? Wait, what does that mean?
[Sai] His prison sentence
had been extended unjustly.
It actually ended long ago.
[All] What?
Are you saying that I can
simply walk out of here
as a free man?
Wow, that's great.
Although, it's
sort of a letdown.
I feel kinda bad, sorry.
Oh, wait, that's right.
Here are all the notes that
Kokuri managed to compile
about the Mujina Gang.
But I guess it's probably faster
if you just tell him
yourself, Kokuri.
Oh, yes, you're right.
Receipt confirmed.
[All] Right.
(upbeat music)
I never want to go back
to that place again.
Oh, I actually really
enjoyed living here.
Quite a lot.
Wait, are you being
serious with us right now?
(stomach gurgles)
Now that everything's
calmed down,
I'm hungry all of a sudden.
Once we're home, the
first thing I'm gonna do
is fill up on thunder burgers.
You never change,
do you, Boruto?
[Sarada] Anyway, this means-
[Boruto] Yeah, mission
accomplished, you know.
(rock music)
(rock music continues)
Shojoji, huh?
So, that's the name of
the Mujina Gang's boss.
According to this notebook,
he uses something known
as the Corpse Clone jutsu.
A jutsu where he copies
the appearance and memories
of someone he kills.
You're sure about this?
Yes, everything's right
there in the notebook.
(bright music)
Oh man, I ate it so much.
There's just nothing quite
like the food on the outside.
What? Guess Hozuki Castle
really changed you.
Hey, congrats on
your mission, Boruto.
(chuckles) I got
more street cred now.
Come on, give me a break.
You were only there one week.
Although, I gotta
say even a week
would've been way
too long for me.
I just don't know what I'd do
if I couldn't eat whatever
I want when I want.
I bet right now, Kokuri is
enjoying his newfound freedom.
The rumor is that he
went on a long journey
so that he could evade any
pursuers from the Mujina Gang.
Apparently he's going
to change his name
and go start a whole new life.
I see.
Well, I wish I could've
said goodbye before he left.
Oh, well.
-(train whistle toots)
-(train engine humming)
(footsteps tapping)
-Huh?
-(footsteps tapping)
-Ah, it's you, Kokuri.
-(knife clangs)
You've got some nerve
coming back here.
You fool, it's me, damn it.
Huh? No way, you're the boss?
Yeah, that's right.
Your one and only boss,
Shojoji, is back now.
But, when you were captured,
didn't you transform
into Mr. Tsukiyo
to hide your identity?
There was a little accident
and I had no choice,
but to switch to
this guy in a hurry.
(suspenseful music)
(water gurgling)
Although, at least I managed
to get rid of the traitor.
The Hidden Leaf did end up
learning about the Mujina
Gang and my jutsu, as well.
But that can't be
helped. (slurps)
Whatever.
(Tsukiyo squelching)
Ah, I'm certain luck will
smile upon me again soon.
(closing theme music)
(rock music)
[Sarada] We're letting
the thieves we're after
escape and rejoin the rest
of their gang, got it?
Hey, are you listening, Boruto?
[Boruto] Oh, right, I'm sorry.
We just have to
catch them, right?
This'll be easy!
[Sarada] We're
letting them escape!
We're in the middle
of a mission.
Could you please focus?
[Boruto] Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations,
a new mission.
I don't care what this
mark on my palm is.
I just gotta complete my mission
and become an amazing shinobi!
(closing theme music)